Palestinians have been displaced over
and over again throughout the war in
Gaza it's a perilous Journey fleeing one
city for the next with no let up in the
Israeli air strikes across the strip
well here's one young Palestinian man's
Journey who we'll speak to in just a
moment 19-year-old helz is from the
remal neighborhood of Gaza City close to
alifa hospital as Israel stepped up
bombardment in attacks there heli fled
the city he made the journey by foot
walking all day to reach reach the
southern city of Rafa just a few days
after leaving 14 members of his family
were killed in an Israeli strike on
their family home in Gaza City heli
spent three months Sheltering in Rafa
until another bomb struck the building
next to them burying helmi his siblings
and parents under the rubble his mother
was killed in this
strike as Air Raids intensified heli
made the journey back up to the alasi
area in KH Yunis where he's been forced
to sleep in a tent near the desert with
the summer heat steadily increasing and
he joins us now live on Al jazer heli
herez who is in darl Bala currently heli
thank you so much as we saw there you've
been displaced several times uh over the
course of the last eight months tell us
about what it has been like for you and
your
family thank you for having me Lord
uh will the life for me and my family
now is super difficult we're now in
alasi area in kanun city with less than
2 kilm far from where the Israeli Army
exists in rafah uh in masasi area we are
super worried that the Israeli Army may
come again to Kan Unis invading the al-
maasi area um making a new uh refugees
wave towards D Al balah or another uh
area in the south of Gaza Strip uh with
the the people are super weary you can
walk in the markets in alas area you
always see the people looking at the
South looking at the fire that is coming
from Rafa City uh you can see the uh the
nervous in all the faces uh here in El
Moi yeah nervousness because people are
worried about where the next strike
might come from tell me uh when you had
to move from Rafa and so on have you
been able to do that with the rest of
your family because I understand that
you've been separated from your twin
brother
could you hear a beat I can't hear quick
I wanted to know if if uh in in all
these uh you know moves that you've had
to make in the last few months were you
able to move with the rest of your
family or have some uh had to stay
[Applause]
behind uh well my family isn't that big
it is my father who's is 63 years old
who works as a tailor and he has
permission before the war to work in t
aiv so in the Israeli eyes We're Not
Tourist and we are allowed if my father
is allowed to work in t a so he's
clearly not a terrorist in the Israeli R
and the second person who was killed in
ra is my mother who's uh 51 years old
and she at the age of 5 uh years old
works as a digital marketing agent the
third person is my sister and the fourth
and the fifth is me and my identical
twin brothers who are I'm a computer
engineering student and my brother is AI
engineering students we knew nothing but
coding and that's how our lives was
before the war yeah uh all day long just
coding all days long this is the hardest
task in our life now in alasi our life
is just standing Al lies um secure one
gallon of water
or just guarding the tent cooking on
fire a lot of new things that kind of
unh humanitarian and doesn't look like
us yeah and and I want to bring up a
picture for our viewers of of what your
life looks like before this war and uh
this is a picture I believe of you and
your uh mother and your twin brother uh
and this was on your graduation day I
believe this picture means a lot to you
hel
me
yes this is the picture was talken last
year when we on our last day uh in high
school at the left it is me heli uh my
name in Arabic means my dream in the
middle uh my mother IAM which in Arabic
means smile
and she always smiled and at the right
my authentical twin brother
Muhammad what do you dream of today hel
[Music]
me a safe place a safe place and just
another opportunity to get my family
back together and to get my family back
on foot and in a safe place we lost our
house we lost our relatives we lost
the most precious thing in life which is
my
mom I just want my family to get back
together on one table in a safe place
that I'm not worry uh tonight that I
can't sleep safely and don't think about
that a rocket may hit us I mean the
bombing that killed my mother in RAF it
was at 210 a.m. after midnight we all
were
sleep yeah yeah my my father Stills
until now after more than after more
than 3 months of the accident and now
near to 4 months still wake up every
single day at 2:10
a.m. I am so sorry up have nightmares he
sometimes scream at night I'm so sorry
for what you and your family have
experienced I just want to ask you just
perhaps one last question when this war
is over because it will have to come to
an end one
day what what are you going to do what
would you like to do with your life
you're 19 years old and you still got a
long life hopefully ahead of you what
would you like to
do well I hope to go back to my normal
life as
programmer and to keep up just a save
life where can I create what I want uh I
made so many great things with my
brother who is an AI engineer we work to
save people to help people in Co we
created systems so uh the malls and the
doors can know if the person uh is
wearing a mask or not to allow him to
enter or not and we made so many
projects that help uh the people here in
Gaza we want to keep up with the tech
cuz we both we both are Tech
twin thank you so much hel me and I hope
you you will be able to do all these
things things that you dream of doing
thank you helmy for speaking to us
that's heli herez a Palestinian who has
had to flee many many times during these
last eight months telling us about his
and his family's experience we
appreciate you joining us on Al jazer
thank you so much hel
me thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer